---
title: Calendar App Prototype - Software Engineering Final Project
category: project
tags: processing school 
---

I took CMPU203: Software Design and Implementation at Vassar in the Fall of 2019. This class went over some broad ideals of software engineering, such as working with clients, Agile, and UI design. The majority of the class was focused on a semester-long project where each team of students was matched with a client at a local nursing home; our task was to create a piece of assistive technology that would be useful for the client in their daily life. 

The project shifted gears a couple of times. We were originally going to be making medication dispensers for our clients using Arduino and the maker space at Vassar, but it turned out that all of the residents had their medications given to them by employees of the nursing home, so they wouldn't have a need for a medication dispenser at all. The project then became more open ended; each team got to choose a project of any technical nature that would fit the needs of their particular client. 

Our client, who we'll call Ms. G, was the sweetest woman we had ever met. She couldn't stop talking about how much she loved living at the facility, and we actually had a bit of trouble figuring out something she needed help with. One thing she said was that she often felt like she was being "whisked away" to events without knowing where she was going or when the next event would be; with this in mind, we decided to make her an app that would clearly display her next event to her. 



